If you can’t build a well-structured monolith, what makes you think you can build a well-structured set of
Microservices?

Microservices Architecture
Benefits:
    - Testing
    - Maintainability [[Single monolith with well-defined module boundaries works in theory]]
    - Deployment [[Facebook uses cookie-cutter deployment approach for continuous delivery of monolith.]]
- PROS
    - Highly maintainable and testable
    - Loosely coupled
    - Independently deployable
    - Organized around business capabilities
    - Owned by a small team
- CONS
    - Inter-service communication and partial failure (How is it done and how to tackle it)
    - Request spanning multiple services is difficult (How is it done???)
    - Testing becomes difficult (How?)
    - Deployment becomes difficult because too many services (Really??)


Monolithic Architecture: Start with monolith. Either peel of services from the edges or break down that monolith slowly.
To break down monolith, your approach should have been modular from the beginning. If the Code, API, Data is already
modular, switching to microservices is not that difficult. But achieving this modularity is also tricky.

What can drive us to microservice? What makes monolith complex to handle?
1- Dealing with large team. Singular team that grows and communication becomes difficult. [40 devs working on same code
   base]
2- Multi-Tenancy. In Single-Tenancy, each customer runs on their copy of the system, with their own copies of the
processes. Most products, when moving from a traditional download model to a SaaS product offering, end up going with
some flavor of multi-tenancy setup. The reason is efficiency. You can support more customers on fewer nodes, and fewer
nodes' means reduced cost. A single client setup might require lower-powered machines, but with more customers, you can
provision higher-powered machines, which tend on the whole to provide more resources (CPU, Memory, IO) per $. A fully
multi-tenant setup is more amenable to a microservice architecture than a single-tenant setup as the operational
maintenance overhead doesn't scale linearly with customers. But they also allow you to scale individual parts of the
system independently, allowing for a more cost-effective scaling too.
3- Allowing different business functions to evolve and scale independently.
4- Monolith becoming too big to modify and deploy.

[
    Summarizing point 2
    If you have single-tenant system, whether it's a monolith or a microservice, you incur the same cost. Operational
    maintenance scales linearly with customers.

    In case of multi-tenancy, scaling individual service/module is not possible if it's a monolith.
    Most products, when moving from a traditional download model to a SaaS product offering, end up going with some flavor
    of multi-tenancy setup. The reason is efficiency. You can support more customers on fewer nodes, and fewer nodes' means
    reduced cost. A single client setup might require lower-powered machines, but with more customers, you can provision
    higher-powered machines, which tend on the whole to provide more resources (CPU, Memory, IO) per $. A fully multi-tenant
    setup is more amenable to a microservice architecture than a single-tenant setup as the operational maintenance overhead
    doesn't scale linearly with customers. But they also allow you to scale individual parts of the system independently,
    allowing for a more cost-effective scaling too.

    Fix this upper block.
]

[[Facebook uses cookie-cutter deployment approach for continuous delivery of monolith.]]

To start with microservice first, you need one thing sorted. Established Boundaries. You can determine these boundaries
by building a monolith first. Also, YAGNI helps us determine how helpful this new service would be. It's a great written
code but the product is not successful vs it's a bad written code vs a successful product. With monolith, prioritize
speed, gather feedback.
