The interview process is ultra-competitive. But with proper preparation, it is possible to stand out.

Here are 10 common interview questions, what they really mean, and how to nail them:

1 - “Why this company?”

This is a standard test for shotgun blast applicants. A generic answer can derail your process. Do your research.
Write down 2-3 unique points about the company that appeal to you. You won’t get the job with your answer, but you can
definitely lose it.

2 - “Tell me about yourself.”

This isn’t an invitation to recite your resume. This is a test of whether you can provide a concise, thoughtful
overview of your past, present, and future. Keep it short. Focus on key information, decisions, and insights that may
not pop off the page.

3 - “Why should we hire you?”

Direct and intimidating, it serves as a test of the candidate’s selling skills and stress capacity. A golden
opportunity to exhibit your preparation for the interview. A clear, concise review of your relevant skills, experience,
and desire wins here.

4 - "What would you do in the first 100 days on the job?"

This is a test of your preparation, research, initiative, and humility. Have a concrete plan for how you would approach
your early days. Be sure fact-finding and learning is a key part of it.

5 - “Where do you see yourself in 10 years?”

This is an assessment of (1) your ambition and (2) whether it aligns with your growth opportunity at the company. In
answering, keep those two in mind. And it’s ok if you don’t have a perfect answer (I still don’t know mine!).

6 - “Why are you leaving your job?”

This can be a test for negativity. Never say anything negative about your former employer. Stay positive and highlight
why the new company and role is a better fit for your goals.

7 - “What would your prior boss say about you?”

This is a good opportunity to highlight a qualitative strength that you haven’t been able to talk about. Examples:
Dependability, consistency, team-orientation. Be honest, but put one in the win column.

8 - "How do you handle stress?"

Saying you never get stressed is not a viable path with this question. Talk about 1-2 specific tactics for stress
management. Highlight a time when stress led you to rise to the occasion.

9 - "Is there anything else we should know about you?"

This is a standard closing question. Resist the urge to say "Nope!" to end the interview. Give a summary of your
excitement for the opportunity at this company. Leave a good final impression.

10 - “What questions do you have for me?”

This is a test of preparation and personality. Generic questions won’t kill you, but they won’t help either. Ask
something unique and get them talking. I like: “What are you most excited about that you’re currently working on?”
